Docs: Fix code block indentations and use titles and tsx (#535)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/get-started/get-started.mdx

## Frequently used CLI commands

> Use the CLI for essential tasks of plugin development, employing `npm`, `pnpm`, or `yarn` where applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the CLI for essential tasks of plugin development, substituting `npm` for `pnpm`, or `yarn` based on your choice of package manager.
```
